= My WoW Armory Ruby API

Ruby wrapper around the MyWoWArmory API http://www.mywowarmory.com/api

==DESCRIPTION

This library uses HTTParty to provide simple, reliable access to the MyWoWArmory API. Good for building reporting scripts and simple apps.

Note that this library does not support the complete MyWoWArmory API at this time. See Features/Issues below for details.

==USAGE

  ree-1.8.7-2010.02 >     response = api.get_profile('us','kul-tiras','gary')
   => {"id"=>1341, "path"=>"http://www.mywowarmory.com/profile.php?id=1341&api=true"} 
  ree-1.8.7-2010.02 > response
   => {"id"=>1341, "path"=>"http://www.mywowarmory.com/profile.php?id=1341&api=true"} 
  ree-1.8.7-2010.02 > response['id']
   => 1341 

==FEATURES/PROBLEMS

TODO

==TEST SUITE

This library includes a fairly thorough set of unit and integration tests. The unit tests can be run with the “rake” command.

The integration tests require a My WoW Armory account. It is best to use a trial account when running these tests.

The credentials may be entered in test/test_helper.rb. To run the integration suite:

rake test:integration
Note that the integration test structure is somewhat unorthodox, as it requires tests to run in a particular order. Examine this to see how the integration suite works.

== Contributing to My WoW Armory API
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 RailsAnt. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

